Jeffrey - He was a skinny shelter kitty that started talking the moment we left the shelter
    and hasn’t stopped 😂 meow meow all day and especially all night!

Spot - This is Spot our big boy that we adopted from a shelter. Was very shy and hid from us 
    for about a week. Still little skittish, but loves a belly rub.

Dixie - Dixie, our calico. She is a talker and loves a belly rub. She definitely a lap cat.

Athena - Athena, our Siamese mix kitty. Also adopted from a shelter. She’s a one person cat. 
    Only goes to my son and sleeps with him only. Does not like to be held.

Leia - This is Leia she is very loving and a quiet cat.

Zero - Zero, escape artist, sassy, and moody.

Mr Meowster - This is Mr. Meowster, but we just call him Meow. His hobbies include getting trapped
    in the freezer, stealing straws out of your drinks, sniffing candles, slapping the dog in the 
    ass, and knocking everything off the counters. He also is addicted to dehydrated chicken, and 
    screams to be fed his dinner 2 hours early. Meow was born a male but due to a urethra defect he 
    had to have a $6k operation that made him have female anatomy. We told Meow to pick their new pronouns, 
    but they are still deciding. It’s been 2 years, we are hoping they choose soon.

Aries and Perseus - Hi! We’re Aries and Perseus (aka Big Boy and Bitty). We’re brothers, and we adopted
    our parents 6 years ago when we were 4 months old. My hobbies are eating that one plant of Dad’s in
    the corner of the living room (I leave the other ones alone. That one’s just too damn yummy.), 
    helping Mom make the bed, putting my pipe cleaners in the water bowl, getting all the belly rubs, 
    and practicing my meows constantly, now that I have finally found my voice. My brother loves bossing 
    me (and everyone else) around (Even though he’s literally almost half my size), hanging out in the catio, 
    yelling at Mom when dinner’s late, bossing me around some more, and snuggles from Mom and Dad, but mainly
    Dad. We have them well trained.

Otto, Chevy, and Nova - This is Otto, Chevy & Nova! All 3 were rescues. They are the 3 amigos! Otto (in the 
    front) is the cuddle bug and the goofy one, Chevy (Orange Tabby) is the guard kitty, he let's us know 
    when he see's an animal out in the backyard. He likes to give a loud howl in the middle of the night. 
    Nova is the queen of the house, she puts the boys in her place when needed! Lol. We love our little fur 
    family! 

Kermit - Meet Kermit!
    I've never been a cat person, but my kids had been begging for one for quite some time- an orange one specifically. 
    My daughter even went as far as to make me a PowerPoint presentation about why we should get one. I kept making 
    excuses hoping they'd forget about it and realize it's never going to happen. Then covid hit and we were all stuck at 
    home...and low and behold, my friend's kiddo found an ice chest on the side of the road full of orange kittens along 
    with their mom that were in need of adoption. I took it as a sign from the universe that it was time for us to get a cat.
    Growing up, we had a dog that was found in a dumpster that we named Rolf. Keeping with the theme of abandoned animals 
    found in weird places and naming pets after characters in the Muppets, we decided to name our kitty Kermit. Nicknames
    are Kermie, Mau, and Kermalongadingdong.

    Kermit is the most loving, snuggling, and affectionate cat ever. He likes to nurse on my earlobes and loves me the most 
    (although he loves my kids too.) He seldom meows and loves to watch birds from the window and take lots of cat naps throughout
     the day.

    The best part is getting to witness my children love on this little furrball. He really completes our family unit
        and I will fully admit I'm now the crazy cat lady I swore I'd never be, and I couldn't be more happy about it.