11/1 - thought I needed yo install Python with requirements and ended up with
    way too much. Will have to check on how to fix in Thursdays lab, think I can just
    delete and reinstall waht's needed in new virtual env. Built out model.py classes
    but they are still untested.
11/3 - realized how difficult it will be for me to send information back
    and forth between front and back end using the api and I think most important feature 
    is photo upload so I will focus first on creating a sign in, uploading a photo,
    viewing your photos, deleting your photos. Secondly viewing all user photos
    and then following other users. User ID is not autocreating.
11/5 - struggling a lot with data modeling and relationships of one to many and many to many,
    still have to create relationships in model.py but seed_database does run
11/6 - have react routing working but still trying to understand using state in
    my web app, somehow broke my seed_database, not sure how. Realized I broke my seed_database by 
    trying to move my project folder to organize better, also can't remember how I got list of
    profile images earlier today.
11/15 - trying to create a fetch on front end getting syntax and 500 error
11/17 - realized today before class that i couldn't communicate with front end
    becuase I had not connected my server to the database, I did that but still was
    not pulling out on my front end correctly, i was trying to use the instance
    attribute as the display instead of the key of the list I was passing from
    the front, I also couldn't display my photos because i didn't have the .jpg
    on the end on them in my json file. I'm realzing I probably can't implment all
    the features I want and need to stick to the basics of viewing your profile,
    viewing another profile, uploading a picture and hopefully following a profile.
    I may not be able to get to likes and comments at all.
11/19 - have been working on getting a login going. I initially was not able ot validate 
    the user because I was making the wrong query to the db, I fixed that but now am having
    trouble with figuring out how to save a user is session in different "pages" of the app
    and how to redirect them if they enter incorrect information. I fixed my .jpg in
    the backend, I just needed to turn off my computer for it to update.
11/22 - met with Seema and Anika, they say I should focus on just displaying a user profile 
    over the sign out features. So view your profile, view another profile, and photo uploading
    can wait until next sprint.
11/28 - I have a users profile displaying but don't have a seeded relationship between followers
    I did not have advising today so I just hardcoded in some photos. I need to complete the
    following relationship tomorrow and be able to view another profile.
    